if you're weird like me chances are you
too have wondered what would you choose
if you had to pick between blindness and
deafness
deafness seems to be the choice for most
for obvious reasons
if blindness comes with a perk the
deafness does not include
blind people's brain actually rewire
gaining them access to heightened
perception in almost
all dimension of human sensation like
hearing smelling
sense of touch etc if you combine this
and a military background
plus add a layer of traumas you get up
psychopathic blind men with superhuman
abilities
just like the men we encounter in
in this video we follow the characters
highlight their weaknesses
and decide on better tactics to survive
and ultimately
outsmart the blind guy we follow three
thieves on their journey to score big
our first thief is alex whose father
owns a security company pretty handy huh
the security company is specialized in
home alarm systems which our
protagonists exploit to gain access to
the houses they target pretty neat in my
opinion
and so far so good yet it kind of gives
me a hard time to believe
that this kid would do such things like
breaking in other people's homes
he does seem to care about his dad and
the movie can't really make up a good
enough reason to justify something like
this for me but perhaps
you know he's just in it for the thrill
now our second thief is roxanne
a female basically reliving eminem's
poor past
who has dreams of taking a little sister
away from the disturbing environment
and who could blame her really she
promises her to take her to california
and thus needs as much money as she can
get her character is pretty badass
and rather genuine which makes it easy
for us as the viewer to like her
much other than our third and last
protagonist that goes by the name of
money
he seems to be the i don't give a [ __ ]
of the group the guy who's just in it
for the quick cash
he's reckless and lacks some
intelligence but he's a g so that's
gotta be worth something right
anyway they get tipped off about an old
army vet
living in an abandoned neighborhood
possessing 300k
in cash they plot the next robbery
naturally assuming the cash sits on a
shelf
waiting to be snapped away can't go
wrong at all
by scouting the house they find out that
the man is blind
but owns a huge rottweiler which kind of
evens it out i guess
the nighttime arrives and our thieves
make their way to the house at 2 am
after they take out the dog with a duped
snack which i must agree was
pretty clever they have a quick chat in
front of the house which i
can't fully comprehend they are very
loud implying they are underestimating
the blind men
finally they make their way into the
house though by breaking a window
yes a window i assure you breaking a
window at 2am
is not a good idea i mean have you ever
opened a bag of chips at night
this [ __ ] is so loud it has its own
gravitational field he is blind
not deaf considering the house owner is
an army vet
he dead sure owns a gunner too adding a
whole new danger level
and how are they supposed to get the
money anyway it is almost completely
dark
they must be quiet and they have no clue
where it is
this whole execution is more than
questionable putting the dog to sleep
was genius but everything else so far
wasn't if you want to rob a house with
the targeted object in mind
especially that valuable it may be worth
investing
more time investigating for instance
rubbing the house while the owner is
gone
would be the easiest and safest way in
order to capture the money
if that isn't an option you may as well
consider putting the target to sleep
one of our protagonists actually just
tries that but fails
completely why would you enter the room
and prepare the gas in it
that's just weird i would have done it
while being outside of the room
and then silently position it just next
to the entrance to give myself
additional space and safety
for extra success i would have prepared
more than just one bottle
because you never know what's gonna
happen and you really just have one shot
here
then i would have closed the door and
blocked it for two reasons
firstly to lock in the subject of course
and secondly to make sure to know
exactly when the sleeping gas has failed
and the subject tries to break out then
i would have guarded the room
by staying on the other side of the
corridor fixating the locked room
so if anything should happen i will know
first and can let my other team members
know in time
this lets us be much more safe and
therefore much more thorough when
searching the house
if the sleeping ass fails just like in
the movie then well
we end up in a situation like this
what do you do in a situation like that
would you run and screw the money
would you shoot and commit murder to
save your ass and perhaps get the money
afterwards
or would you pick another way perhaps
shoot the subject in his leg to
immobilize
but then again you are only a small
burglar doing this would cause you
serious problems
but still you have to decide on
something or else it will just end up
like in the movie
yep that's what i meant in the movie
money fails and gets shot
leaving only alex and roxanne however
did you look at her
she did have a chance to intervene it
might would have been risky but hey
the life of your friend is in danger i
mean you're in it together plus
the advantage at this point was clearly
three versus one yet
they made no attempts to leverage that
at all which caused a huge disadvantage
that was further expanded by the blind
man locking the door and the window
however at this point i think it is
important to mention that the blind man
seemingly does not know that there are
two more thieves in his house
while roxanna is hiding in the closet
the blind man gets in too and checks the
hidden safe
while she can witness the code after he
left alex joins her
and they indeed are able to secure a lot
of money straight from the safe
they're quasi-rich just rather
unfortunate they're trapped in a house
but an armed blind man who wouldn't
hesitate to kill them
how would he get out of there it is a
pretty shitty situation
there are literally only two entrances
and they are either locked or blocked
and all other windows we are told have
parsed in front of them so the only way
out that comes to mind is the basement
exit which we've seen in the beginning
of the movie
so alex and roxanne thus must decide on
the basement exit
a weird thing here is why wouldn't he
call the police
if someone broke into my house and
someone got killed
9-1-1 what's your emergency i think
somebody broke into my head
i wouldn't hesitate to call the cops
unless i had something to hide of course
and i'm not talking about my dirty pipes
phillies and half-empty bags here
friends
i mean it must be something quite
serious if you cover up a murder right
in the basement they make acquaintance
with the woman who killed the man's
daughter
she's chained up savagely but at least
she has some nice cushions
while attempting to save the poor woman
it didn't cross their mind of freeing
her over her mask
considering she's been there for who
knows how long she probably holds
valuable information
i mean she did know that the safe on the
shelf near her holds a bunch of keys
which you probably would want in a
completely locked down house
while figuring out why they didn't take
her mask off i quickly came to the
conclusion that they must live in an
alternative universe
where eminem has a vagina and kovitt hit
the world population two years before
2020.
anyway she doesn't get to speak and gets
shot while attempting to flee
as the blind man awaits him at the
basement entry which begs the question
if the main entrance is now open
[ __ ] you definitely have different
problems to solve right now
to recall you broke into this blind
man's house
stole his money and let himself kill his
pet woman
it doesn't take a genius to figure out
the situation just turned really dark
really really dark
welcome to my world freak
what would you do in a situation like
this to be honest to escape those
circumstances without a good portion of
luck
seems rather impossible i mean look at
this guy making his way through his
cramped basement better than me trying
to maneuver through his shelves at tesco
and he's blind too he's like a raccoon
with rabies with soul intention of
killing
alex and rock somehow ditched his sick
animal and make it upstairs just to find
another one is waiting for them
jesus they escape upstairs again but end
up trapping themselves
they block the door with a closet and
while rox climbs into an air shaft alex
gets attacked by the dog and breaks
through the window
my question here is why didn't he use a
window in the first place
they could be out of the house already
making their way into paradise
but regardless it's safe to say that at
this point it is do or die
so we officially fight the blind guy if
you remember at the beginning of this
video
i highlighted the sensational benefits
blindness adds to one's existence
well that power up also goes in the
opposite direction
while your perception is extremely sharp
it's also extremely sensitive and can be
exploited quite easily
step 1 make loud noises like a 5 year
old drumming on a pan at 6 am in the
morning
step 2 while making noise throw objects
in all direction to cause further
confusion
step 3 smack the dude in the face with a
heavy object
and step 4 celebrate the victory over
old blind men
which path will you choose the path of
light or the path of darkness
but that's not what happened while
taking advantage of his weakness which
made me very proud alex got seemingly
killed
i guess close combat against an ex-army
vet is not a good idea
especially when he holds a gun so the
only option here is to either sneak up
from behind
which is dangerous or throw a heavy
object from distance at his head
meanwhile rox finds a way out through
the air shaft
and does arrive at an opening
[ __ ] both guys are dead and a newer
strap buttons up
just to get filled like a turkey that's
terrible but don't worry he will set you
free after you have bared his child
whatever logic that follows i mean who
would just go on living like nothing
happened thereafter
that's just nonsense but anyways alex
rises from the death
smacks the dude over his head and is
able to free roxanne
the only thing here is they cuff the man
in the most dumb way possible
but i get it you don't want to get too
near to this man
and if you have to just make it as quick
as possible
still this is survival and after he has
treated you like this
i believe you should show a little more
vigor and determination alex
they make their way up to the front door
which gives me anxiety every time i
watch it
i mean come on man the store has five
goddamn locks on it
the better idea would be to go upstairs
into the room where alex fell through
the window
and use the exact same opening to exit
the house
the elevation is low enough to jump to
the intermediate roof
and then once more to the ground this
would have saved both
but well in the movie alex gets fatally
shot leaving only
rocks she manages to escape which i
loved until
having a massive rottweiler dog chasing
her ass is not fun
she somehow makes it to the car just to
realize the keys are nowhere
at this scene i was ready to leave my
room i mean for the love of god
come on i didn't like you from beginning
money but this was the tip of the
iceberg
but anyway she outsmarts the dog in a
quite fascinating way
only to be snatched away from behind
again as she gets dragged back to the
house
i didn't really have much hope left and
neither did rocks i think
i mean the last 45 minutes were quite
rough for both of us
if she gave in i would have totally
understood but then i remember the
turkey bastard
and perhaps she did too so she reaches
out for the nearby remote control
and activates alarm system the last
glimpse of hope
the loud noise caused complete
disorientation in the blind man
which she took clever advantage of she
manages to take him out
in an epic last showdown just to escape
in time before the cops arrive
at the very last we do get an ending
where she can indeed take her sister
away and start over
although perhaps you might want to
reconsider your destination rocks and
travel a bit further i think they will
be better
how about switzerland i heard it was
quite nice there let's wrap this up here
guys
the best chance to stay ahead was taking
advantage of the blind man's noise
sensitivities
in every instance they had an actual
chance to gain the upper hand
was on occasions when the blind man lost
his cool due to excessive noise
another idea that came to my mind after
having finished my script
would have been to exploit his
heightened sense of touch if you've ever
stepped on legos
you know what i mean however this would
have required the blind man to remain
barefoot throughout the movie which he
didn't
and there you have it guys being blind
is a complicated impairment
while it is definitely better being able
to see blindness still holds certain
assets that are hidden from the eyes of
us non-blind people
what do you think about the movie and my
take on it how would you
outsmart the blind guy if you had to
thank you very much for watching
i hope you enjoyed if you did consider
leaving a like or subscribe it would
help a lot and we load up new videos
weekly
thank you again and i see you hopefully
in the next one